rm old id validation (#1016)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> * Fixed an issue where a non relevant id_set validation run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where a non relevant id_set validation ran in the **validate** command when using the *--id-set* flag.
```
